cmake: modules: shields: Process shields in order (#67235)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.6.rst

* Added MCUboot image size reduction to sysbuild images which include MCUboot which prevents
  issues with building firmware images that are too large for MCUboot to swap.

* Fixed an issue whereby shields were processed in order of the root they resided in rather than

>   the order there were supplied to cmake in.

Reviewer: Typo + incomplete sentence (or extra "in")?

```suggestion
  the order they were supplied to cmake in xxx?
```

Author: Reads fine to me "they were supplied to cmake in" whereby in being the input

Reviewer: ah! of course :) 
Thanks!
